hey how's it going guys this is Dave 2d
and this is my review of the HP Envy 13
T so at twelve point nine millimeters
this is the thinnest laptop that HP has
available right now it's obviously super
thin
it's got good specs and it's reasonably
well priced let's take a look it comes
in a well padded box and you get the
laptop an AC adapter and some pamphlets
the top surface is aluminum it feels
premium it feels durable and it's a nice
texture to hold the bottom of the device
is also aluminum and there's some rubber
feet here a couple intake vents and if
you remove the screws including the two
underneath the rubber feet you can
remove the bottom panel there isn't a
lot you can do inside here since the RAM
is soldered on but you can replace the
MT drive if you want but it's just nice
to have the ability to open up your
laptop if you need to going around the
sides on the Left we have a nice and
deep SD card slot a USB 3 port and an
audio jack and on the right we have the
power socket a full size HDMI port and
then two more USB 3 ports the laptop
weighs 2.81 pounds so it's very
comfortable to hold even one-handed and
it's an all metal body frame so the
build quality is pretty good the screen
is very rigid it's actually one of the
more sturdier screens I've tried to
twist around the keyboard and the
chassis have a little bit of flex but
it's kind of expected when you consider
how thin the devices the hinge feels
sturdy and the hinge mechanism raises
the back of the laptop up a bit when you
open the lid just to kind of help out
with cooling so the unit I have here is
the HP Envy 13 T D 0 0 0 it has a 6th
generation skylake I 5 running at 2.3
gigahertz 13.3 inch quad HD screen
integrated intel graphics 8 gigs of ram
128 gigs of solid-state storage and it
goes for around $900 if you get the
lower res version at 1080p it'll save
you around $50 the inside has the same
aluminum finish as the exterior the
keyboard area is spacious and I got used
to it quickly but the key travel is a
little short at one point two
millimeters and I don't love the layout
of the arrow keys but overall this is a
very nice keyboard it's
to type on it's easy to see when it's
backlit and just overall a very
comfortable keyboard to use there is a
fingerprint reader down here which you
can use to unlock the device it actually
works really well it's quick and
accurate the glass trackpad down here is
also good I wish it was a little taller
from top to bottom but the texture is
great
tracking never skipped in the buttons
feel really solid when they're clicked
it's a pretty good trackpad all around
the screen is a quad HD IPS panel
running at 3200 by 1800 it's not a touch
panel but it still has that glossy
finish but thankfully the screen does
get bright enough so you can use it
comfortably even in bright environments
it has a pretty thick bezel around the
screen which I don't love but the image
quality and the screen makes up for it
it's really high-res it's good contrast
good viewing angles it's got good color
accuracy coming out of the box there is
a webcam up top which doesn't look bad
this is what it looks like the Bang &
Olufsen speakers are on the sides of the
keyboards and I was actually surprised
by how clear they sound like the bass
isn't particularly present but it can
get loud and the mid sound really clear
for notebook speakers they did a really
good job with these in terms of
performance the read speed of the drive
is fast but the write speeds are slower
than I'd like them to be the system
still feels quick overall but if you're
doing things like video edits I would
highly recommend getting an external
drive the Core i5 CPU is easily going to
handle any kind of school or work
related projects and multitasking that
you throw at it now in terms of gaming
light games like csgo and mo boys will
hit 50 to 55 frames per second on lowest
graphics settings at 1080p if you want
higher frame rates you're gonna have to
drop the resolution a bit but more
demanding games like fallout 4 and
Rainbow six siege they're still playable
but frame rates are lower at around 40
frames per second again lowering the
resolution will get you better frame
rates but it's tough to break 60 frames
per second with those games but really
demanding games like witcher 3 or GTA 5
those just aren't playable they're too
choppy you really need a dedicated
graphics chip for those the fans are
always running so it makes a little bit
of noise at idle around 30 decibels and
under extended load it can hit high 30s
now there is an option in the BIOS to
turn off the fan on idle and I've had it
off for a couple of weeks and thermally
it doesn't seem to make a difference on
idle it's still cool and the moment you
put it under load the fans kick in right
away so while still getting comfortable
temperatures under maximum load it never
got hot the 45 watt AC adapter is pretty
compact and it's used to charge a 45
watt hour battery inside the laptop now
the first few days I was using this
device I was getting around five to five
and a half hours of battery life with
screen at around 70 percent brightness
and this is just with regular use
watching this Netflix doing some work
some simple stuff it is a smaller
battery and we are powering a pretty
high resolution screen but that's a
pretty short battery life for an
ultrabook
now if you go into the BIOS and you do
adjust that fan so it's not always on
during idle it bumps the battery life up
to about seven and a half hours I still
wouldn't consider that a long battery
life but it is better ok the HP Envy 13
T it's a super thin aluminum Ultrabook
with good build quality the 13 inch quad
HD screen isn't a touchscreen but it's
bright with good colors the speakers are
nice and clear the keyboard on the
trackpad both perform well and are very
comfortable to use but the trackpad is a
little small on the inside the skylake
core i5 the integrated graphics can
easily handle school and work-related
tasks and it can play some casual games
the 8 gigs of ram are soldered on but
the empty storage is upgradeable and
powering this all is a battery that
lasts around 5 hours of regular use if
you don't turn off the fan in the BIOS
ok if you're looking for a metal
ultrabook that's thin and lights with
good build quality this should be on
your shortlist there are things I don't
love about it I wish the right speed on
that drive was faster and I wished the
battery life was longer but overall it's
a good performer it's extremely portable
and it's well priced
that's the end of this review hope you
guys liked it thumbs if you did subs if
you loved it it's been nice I'll see you
guys next time
you